Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Chrisitan Ronda

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

no partner

------------------------------------------------------------------------
How many late days are you using on this assignment?

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

none

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

It was very helpful in understanding how assembly language worked.  
Part 2f was fun, but defintely a little tedious and confusing at times.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

Boundary tests:

    mywcBT1.txt: This text file consists of two words on each line sperated
    by a different number of spaces, and on the last line seprated by a tab.
    This tests mywc.c and mywc.s ability to increment the character count 
    while not incrementing the word count with each consecutive space. also 
    it tests the two prgrams ability to read the tab key as a series of spaces.

    mywcBT2.txt: This text file is empty and thus tests mywc.c and mywc.s
    ability to handle empty input and not increment any counter.  

    mywcBT3.txt:  This file starts with several new line keys, followed by
    a tab, and then three lines of characters.  This tests mywc.c and mywc.s
    ability to handle when the first few inputs are not alphabetical letters, 
    and when a tab starts a line.


Statement tests:

    mywcST1.txt: This file contains one word with no spaces or new line 
    characters, and so causes the computer to execute lines 30, 32, 42, 44, 45,
    48, 52, 53, 55, and 56 of the given mywc.c

    mywcST1.txt: This file contains two words with a space inbetween, and
    a newline character, and so causes the computer to execute lines 
    30-50, 52, 55, and 56 of the given mywc.c.  Thus the combination of these
    two statement tests test all the lines of mywc.c, and therefor mywc.s


Stress tests:

    mywcSST1.txt: This stress test contains a random sequence of 10,000 randomly
    generate characters.  This tests both mywc.c and mywc.s
    ability to handle a very large text file.

    mywcSST2.txt: This stress test contains a variety of only spaces,
    tabs, and newlines.  This tests mywc.c and mywc.s ability to 
    update character and line count while keeping the word count 0.
    In particular, it tests the ability to never enter the if(iInWord)
    conditional statement, while running through the rest of the code.

    mywcSST3.txt: This stress test is a single line of one long word 
    consisting of varying upper and lower case A's.  This test employs 
    almost the inverse of stress test 2, which tests mywc.c and mywc.s
    ability to handle a single word with a lot of charcters.  In particular
    both mywc.c and mywc.s should interate 153 times while never entering
    the main if(isspace(iChar)) condition.

    mywcSST4.txt: This stress test contains all the ASCII characters denoted
    by 09, 0A, and 20-7E.  This tests mywc.c and mywc.s ability to read in 
    other characters besides just letters.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  12.01 seconds

Part 2b:  3.000 seconds

Part 2d:  7.730 seconds

Part 2e:  3.950 seconds

Part 2f:  2.520 seconds
